treatment.md, before:

## Africa Hack Trip - Documentary Treatment

When we hear about software, hacking and entrepreneuship, most of the development seems to happen in the U.S., Europe and some places in Asia(*). Africa, the forgotten continent?

In October 2013 a group of software developers, designers and bloggers will travel to Africa in order to explore the local tech communities. From our research we know that there's a lot going on down there. Now we want to see and experience it ourselves. We will be visiting four countries: Kenya, Uganda, Rwanda and Tanzania. At every stop we will organize a hack event together with the local people. We will work together, learn from them, see what they can do.

In areas such as mobile computing or micropayments, these places are actually more technologically advanced than we are in Europe or the U.S.. We want to see how it works in real life with our own eyes. And with our cameras. We will talk to local hackers and entrepreneurs, look at what they do and document everything. And when we come back we will show the world what we have learned.

### Who are we

We are 11 software developers, designers, bloggers, entrepreneus from Europe and the U.S.

Alexander Lang is an amateur film maker with experience in documentary films (conferences, tech events, trips) and small film productions (web tv series).

TBD: other film/photography/tv/radio experience.

### Format

* 20-30 mins. documentary
* interviews: local technology leaders, developers, users
* filming events and our travels

#### Outline

TBD

### Goals

Learn (from Africa) and teach (the western world).

### Trip Details

Four countries in four weeks: Kenya, Uganda, Rwanda, Tanzania.

Self-organized, one person per location.

### Events

Self-organized hackathons: working on open source projects together with locals.

Existing events we will participate in: TBD

### Budget Planning

#### Pre production

TBD (not anticipating any major costs)

#### Film gear

Wwe will need to rent equipment for four weeks:

* cameras: one pro video (like Canon C300), two B Cameras (DSLRs)
* lights: 2-3 LED panels
* 1-2 tripods, shoulder rig
* one audio recorder, 2 microphones
* storage: flash cards (~512GB), hard disks (4TB)

#### Post production

Editing: paid (how much?)
Grading: paid (how much?)
Art: can be provided by participating designers

#### Funding/sponsorships

* (EU) film funds
* commercial sponsors: tech companies (e.g. GitHub), Film companies (Canon, Sony etc.)

#### Screenings/release

Possible screenings in Berlin/San Francisco.

Release online under Creative Commons license.

---

\* and Australia of course :)

Commit message:

adds more details about goals #1

treatment.md, after:

## Africa Hack Trip - Documentary Treatment

When we hear about software, hacking and entrepreneuship, most of the development seems to happen in the U.S., Europe and some places in Asia(*). Africa, the forgotten continent?

In October 2013 a group of software developers, designers and bloggers will travel to Africa in order to explore the local tech communities. From our research we know that there's a lot going on down there. Now we want to see and experience it ourselves. We will be visiting four countries: Kenya, Uganda, Rwanda and Tanzania. At every stop we will organize a hack event together with the local people. We will work together, learn from them, see what they can do.

In areas such as mobile computing or micropayments, these places are actually more technologically advanced than we are in Europe or the U.S.. We want to see how it works in real life with our own eyes. And with our cameras. We will talk to local hackers and entrepreneurs, look at what they do and document everything. And when we come back we will show the world what we have learned.

### Goals

*Learn (from Africa) and teach (the western world)*.

Before diving into this project we were mostly ignorant about technological developments in African countries. We feel that too many people are the same, and as a result a lot of opportunities are lost. We want to change that. By producing a short film and releasing it online for free we have the chance to make a big impact. We want to educate people in the western world about the developments in Africa, motivate deveopers to connect to projects, entrepreneurs to go into these markets.

### Who are we

We are 11 software developers, designers, bloggers, entrepreneus from Europe and the U.S.

Alexander Lang is an amateur film maker with experience in documentary films (conferences, tech events, trips) and small film productions (web tv series).

TBD: other film/photography/tv/radio experience.

### Format

* 20-30 mins. documentary
* interviews: local technology leaders, developers, users
* filming events and our travels

#### Outline

TBD

### Trip Details

Four countries in four weeks: Kenya, Uganda, Rwanda, Tanzania.

Self-organized, one person per location.

### Events

Self-organized hackathons: working on open source projects together with locals.

Existing events we will participate in: TBD

### Budget Planning

#### Pre production

TBD (not anticipating any major costs)

#### Film gear

Wwe will need to rent equipment for four weeks:

* cameras: one pro video (like Canon C300), two B Cameras (DSLRs)
* lights: 2-3 LED panels
* 1-2 tripods, shoulder rig
* one audio recorder, 2 microphones
* storage: flash cards (~512GB), hard disks (4TB)

#### Post production

Editing: paid (how much?)
Grading: paid (how much?)
Art: can be provided by participating designers

#### Funding/sponsorships

* (EU) film funds
* commercial sponsors: tech companies (e.g. GitHub), Film companies (Canon, Sony etc.)

#### Screenings/release

Possible screenings in Berlin/San Francisco.

Release online under Creative Commons license.

---

\* and Australia of course :)
